SEP-6 / SEP-24: Add pending_user_transfer_complete transaction status (#1094)
stellar/stellar-protocol: ecosystem/sep-0024.md

1. Make a request to `/transactions/deposit/interactive` and provide the `claimable_balance_supported` request parameter.
2. Listen for anchor's callback or poll the transaction endpoint [`/transaction`] for the transaction status.
3. When the transaction status becomes `pending_user_transfer_start`, the user must send the required payment as described in the interactive webapp callback or the `/transaction` endpoint.
5. If the anchor doesn't support claimable balances, the anchor's callback or `/transaction(s)` endpoint will contain the `pending_trust` status. In this case, use the flow described [above](#stellar-account-doesnt-trust-asset).
6. Otherwise, detect the `claimable_balance_id` value populated in the anchor's `/transaction(s)` endpoint or poll Horizon's [/claimable_balances](https://developers.stellar.org/api/resources/claimablebalances/) endpoint for outstanding claimable balances. When a claimable balance is detected using either method, the transaction status should be `completed`.

> 7. Claim the balance using the value via the `ClaimClaimableBalance` operation. See the ["Claiming Claimable Balances"](#claiming-claimable-balances) section to learn more about how to claim a balance.

Reviewer: I think we accidentally deleted the `4` step here

When the popup is closed, the transaction's status should no longer be `incomplete`. Instead, it should be one of the following:

* `pending_anchor` if the anchor must verify KYC information given prior to receiving funds.
* `pending_user` if the user must take some action before sending funds to the anchor.
* `pending_user_transfer_start` if anchor is ready to receive the funds. This is the most common status after `incomplete`.

> * `pending_user_transfer_complete` if anchor detects the payment is fulfilled and the funds is ready for the user to pick up. This is the most common status after `pending_user_transfer_start` the user must pick up the funds in person.

Reviewer: I wouldn't say this status value is the most common after `pending_user_transfer_start` because this is only true with withdrawal transactions and transactions using cash.

> * `pending_user_transfer_complete` if anchor detects the payment is fulfilled and the funds is ready for the user to pick up. This is the most common status after `pending_user_transfer_start` the user must pick up the funds in person.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `pending_user_transfer_complete` if anchor detects the payment is fulfilled and the funds is ready for the user to pick up. This is the most common status after `pending_user_transfer_start` if the user must pick up the funds in person.
```

The wallet must use the response fields in the following way to complete the withdrawal:

- `status`: `pending_user_transfer_start` means the user has given all necessary info to the anchor, and it is up to the wallet to send the actual stellar assets.

> - `status`: `pending_user_transfer_complete` means the payment had been successfully received by the anchor and the funds is ready for customer to pick up. The instruction to pick up the funds should be provided to the customer, most likely through the `more_info_url` page provided by the anchor in the response of `/transaction`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `status`: `pending_user_transfer_complete` means the Stellar payment has been successfully received by the anchor and the off-chain funds are available for the customer to pick up. Instructions to pick up the funds should be provided to the customer either through the `more_info_url` url or another method such as email. 
```

* `incomplete` -- there is not yet enough information for this transaction to be initiated. Perhaps the user has not yet entered necessary info in an interactive flow.
* `pending_user_transfer_start` -- the user has not yet initiated their transfer to the anchor. This is the next necessary step in any deposit or withdrawal flow after transitioning from `incomplete`.

> * `pending_user_transfer_conmplete` -- the anchor has received the fulfilling payment and the customer is required to pick up the funds in person at one of the anchor's locations.

Reviewer: Lets keep the status definitions consistent across the SEPs:
```suggestion
* `pending_user_transfer_complete` -- the Stellar payment has been successfully received by the anchor and the off-chain funds are available for the customer to pick up. Only used for withdrawal transactions.
```
